Questions:

1. Compare and contrast your development and production deployments 
    and explain how each is designed.

    The production deployment is essentially the development deployment with some extra optimization goodies.
    The one thing the development build has in it's webpack config is the devServer stuff, which is no longer
    needed once you have a slug running on Heroku. The other main configuration change was just ensuring that 
    npm start and npm install did everything that was necessary for Heroku to run the webapp.

2. List the optimizations you’ve configured for this production version and, if possible, find evidence of then in the deployed application files.

    Uglification:

        Here's some sample code from the new bundle.js and while I'm sure my variable names could often be more descriptive...
        I can definitely say I've never yet stooped to such poor naming choices.

            function t(e,t,n,r){var o,i,a,s,u,l,c

    OccurrenceOrder: 
       
        I'm not certain how to look for examples of this in the code, but I suspect it's naming 
        the most commonly used variables/functions/etc with shorter names than their rarer counterparts.

    ExtractText:

        Again, I can't seem to find an example here, but I believe this technique is used to 
        name components and scripts in such a way that when an updated version gets pushed out
        the names of the files are changed to use a different hash so that none of the old cached
        versions are still being used once the new version has gone live.

3. What advantage is there is deploying an application to a PaaS tool like Heroku?

    Convenience is probably the biggest one. While there is definitely some configuration work needed to "port"
    a webapp to Heroku or another platform, I have a feeling it's a ton less work than configuring your own server.
    And even if we did want to locally host a MongoDB server and the other pieces we needed ourselves, Heroku
    will definitely do a better job of efficiently distributing workload and other things, at least as long as we 
    pay for those sorts of services.

4. How does Heroku know how to install and run your application (after pulling it from the specified branch on GitHub)?

    Heroku is able to detect common frameworks like Node.js or Ruby on Rails, but for other platforms informing Heroku
    on what to run can be done through a procfile.

    Since we're working with Node.js, Heroku was able to identify the necessary dependencies by looking at the 
    package.json file and presumably runs both npm install and npm start. 

    To get additional config stuff like webpacking, we had to include that in our npm install step
    which it wouldn't have known to do otherwise.